docs: #1303 add Kerberos limitations (#1305)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/upgrade/pages/deprecated/index.adoc

| 24.1.1
| `raft_flush_timer_interval_ms`

> | Use xref:reference:cluster-properties.adoc#raft_replica_max_flush_delay_ms[`raft_replica_max_flush_delay_ms`] instead. The new configuration implements a maximum delay timer since the last flush, while the deprecated property set how often partitions checked for pending flush bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use xref:reference:cluster-properties.adoc#raft_replica_max_flush_delay_ms[`raft_replica_max_flush_delay_ms`] instead. This configuration enforces a maximum delay since the last flush (timer-based flush), whereas the deprecated property controlled how often a partition checked for pending flush bytes. Because the semantics differ, review and adjust your values as needed.
```
